Docs: No basic role documentation updates (#75110)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/planning-iam-strategy/index.md

### What are roles?

> Within an organization, Grafana has established three primary [organization roles]({{< relref "../../../administration/roles-and-permissions#organization-roles" >}}) - organization administrator, editor, and viewer - which dictate the user's level of access and permissions, including the ability to edit data sources or create teams. Additionally, Grafana has an empty role that can be used as a starting point to add custom permissions on top of it.

Reviewer: When I read this I understand that you can modify the none basic role. I would write:
```suggestion
Within an organization, Grafana has established three primary [organization roles]({{< relref "../../../administration/roles-and-permissions#organization-roles" >}}) - organization administrator, editor, and viewer - which dictate the user's level of access and permissions, including the ability to edit data sources or create teams. Grafana also has [an empty basic role]({{<insert link here>}}) that grants no permission to the user. With this role users will solely inherit permissions from their teams or directly assigned roles.
```
